update Select SelectMulti and Combobox replace readOnly with inputReadOnly (#1650)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/forms/input-chips.mdx

  )
}
```

## Disabled

Use the `disable` property to make an input field un-editable.

```jsx

> <InputChips disabled values={['disbled']} />
> <InputChips
>   placeholder="this is a disabled placeholder"
>   disabled
>   values={[]}
> />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<SpaceVertical>
  <InputChips disabled values={['disabled']} />
  <InputChips
    placeholder="this is a disabled placeholder"
    disabled
    values={[]}
  />
</SpaceVertical>
```

  )
}
```

## Disabled

Use the `disable` property to make an input field un-editable.

```jsx
<SpaceVertical>

>   <InputChips disabled values={['disbled']} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <InputChips disabled values={['disabled']} />
```
